Make CoC More Direct (#199)
reactiflux/reactiflux.com: src/md-pages/conduct.md

## Conduct

> 1. **Don't be mean or rude.** Please be kind and courteous, friendly and professional.

Reviewer: :hand: I think I prefer the original wording - maybe just bold the first sentence?

Reviewer 2: Maybe this?
```suggestion
1. **Please be kind and courteous**, friendly and professional. There’s no need to be mean or rude.
```
In general I aimed to phrase these positively, "do x" instead of "don't do y"

1. **Do not direct message someone unless they’ve granted permission in the server** _(or you need to discuss a moderation issue with staff)_. Reactiflux is a public community. Communicate in the open.
1. **Please use gender neutral language _(Discord display names also work great!)_.** If somebody requests you use a pronoun, please respect their wishes.

>    - We are committed to providing a friendly, safe and welcoming environment for all, regardless of level of experience, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, neurodivergence, personal appearance, body, race, ethnicity, age, religion, nationality, or other similar characteristic.

Reviewer 3: I understand why you highlighted the gender neutral language bit here, but I think the anti bias clause is just as important. Maybe we can have a summary of it on a different bullet point that's bold, and leave the full paragraph like this indented under there.

4. **Respect that people have differences of opinion.** Every design or implementation choice carries a trade-off and numerous costs. There is seldom a single right answer.
5. **Keep unstructured critique to a minimum.** When providing help, answer their question before making stylistic or tool suggestions.
6. **Avoid using an alias or display name that might be offensive.** Names that detract from a friendly, safe and welcoming environment for all will be addressed.

> 7. **Any form of harrassment will not be tolerated.** We will exclude you from interaction if you insult, demean or harass anyone. In particular, we don’t tolerate behavior that excludes people in socially marginalized groups. That is not welcome behavior. We interpret the term “harassment” as including the definition in the [Citizen Code of Conduct](https://github.com/stumpsyn/policies/blob/master/citizen_code_of_conduct.md#4-unacceptable-behavior).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. **Any form of harassment will not be tolerated.** We will exclude you from interaction if you insult, demean or harass anyone. In particular, we don’t tolerate behavior that excludes people in socially marginalized groups. That is not welcome behavior. We interpret the term “harassment” as including the definition in the [Citizen Code of Conduct](https://github.com/stumpsyn/policies/blob/master/citizen_code_of_conduct.md#4-unacceptable-behavior).
```
